God, can I interest you in one of our suits?
Okay, this sounds good.
I'm gonna go great with this time.
I wish I listened to the elders.
I can't believe the interest on these credit cards.
There's just no way I can afford this.
It didn't seem like it was that much money
at the time when I was spending it.
Maybe if I pick up a second job
or working nights, weekends,
I could hold on a second.
Wait, no.
What did the texts say this morning?
Keep your eyes open and guard against every sort of greed.
Because even when a person has an abundance,
his life does not result from the things he possesses.
Guard against greed.
It didn't feel like greed at the time.
It seemed like these were all things I needed.
But if it's starting to crowd out time for Jehovah,